added Minimalism section (#370)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/style_guidelines/grammar.adoc

* object
* project

[[minimalism]]
== Minimalism
Minimalism is a methodology for creating targeted documentation focused on your readers' needs. If you understand your customers' needs, you can write shorter and simpler documentation specific to what customers want to do.

Minimalism has five principles:

> === Customer focus and action orientation

Reviewer: Just wondering if they should be presented as numbered 1-5, since we're mentioning that there are 5 principles?

Reviewer 2: That's a good idea, @bergerhoffer. If @mportman12 doesn't mind, I'd say make the change.

Author: Added numbering. I didn't want to lose the subheading structure, so I kept the formatting and added "Principle #:" to the start of each heading.

> 

Reviewer 2: I don't think we can direct people to the Source. This is a public guide.

Author: Darn, you're right. Removed.

> 

Reviewer 2: I'd rewrite this to: "Minimalism has five principles:"

Author: Fixed

Know what your users do, what their goals are, and why they perform these actions. Minimize how much content customers must wade through to get to something they recognize as real work. Separate conceptual and background information from procedural tasks. 

=== Findability
Findability covers two areas:

> * Make sure your content is findable through Google search and access.redhat.com site searches.

Reviewer 3: In the IBM style guide, I think it is recommended that we avoid using phrasal verbs. Does the same guideline apply to this style guide?
```suggestion
* Ensure your content is findable through Google search and access.redhat.com site searches.
```

Author: Made suggested change

> * Make sure your content is scannable. Use short paragraphs and sentences and bulleted lists where appropriate.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Ensure your content is scannable. Use short paragraphs and sentences and bulleted lists where appropriate.
```

Author: Made suggested change

=== Titles and headings

> Have clear titles that use keywords the customer knows. Keep titles and headings to 3-11 words. If headings are  too short, they don’t help customers know what’s in a section. If they’re too long, they don’t show up well in a Google search, and customers can’t absorb them. 

Reviewer 3: Extra space and I think the first sentence might have an anthropomorphism.
```suggestion
Use clear titles with familiar keywords for customers. Keep titles and headings between 3 to 11 words. Headings that are too short lack clarity and don’t help customers know what’s in a section. Headings that are too long are less visible in Google searches and harder for customers to understand.
```

Author: Made suggested changes

> === Eliminating fluff

Reviewer 3: These headings lack parallelism. I don't know if that is an actual concern, but it might be helpful if they were similar (maybe if they all started with a gerund). WDYT?

Author: Updated the fluff heading so it starts with a noun.
